---
layout: default
title:  "Social Media"
date:   2016-09-28 17:13:08 -0400
---
# Social media

When creating posts for our official social channels, please make sure you’re writing and posting as the fun, friendly, informative, and funny Vimeo would. In other words...

Nice.
<Br>Smart.
<Br>Human.
<Br>Weird.

## NICE
Manners matter, on the Internet especially. Let us never forget the lesson of #hasjustinelandedyet. In our professional and personal social communications, Vimeo should be kind, courteous, and positive. Rather than undercutting our competition, let us tout our own glory and areas in which we excel.

## SMART
Great social media-ing is all about timing. And wit. So while we must always strive to be nice and never ever cruel toward others (yes, even toward YouTube), we can still be FUNNY and SASSY and EDGY. Take that last one with a grain of salt. Essentially, we should hope to surprise and delight people with the things we’re sharing and saying while walking the line between too cool to be a brand and still a completely P.C., people-loving company.

## WEIRD
Social media loves the weirdness which just so happens to be our strong suit. The Deep Internet, @EHORSEBOOKS, Weird Twitter, tommypom… we live to meme and be memed. But casually so, and in our own very Vimeo, very self-aware way.

It is also crucial to keep your audience in mind. Who is this post for? Who follows us on this channel?

## Practical applications
We use our official @Vimeo channels to communicate information to a large audience. For one-to-one interactions on Twitter, we try to rely on @VimeoStaff.

Hashtags are OK, but shouldn’t be tacked on as an afterthought, nor should we blindly apply a brand’s hashtag to our tweets simply because they ask us to.

Retweet/reblog sparingly. We want our channels to sing with our own voice and carefully curated feeds of things to watch and read.

**Facebook/Google+**: Share Staff Picks, blog posts, Vimeo On Demand titles, and key announcements. Keep it short, and embed videos or include images whenever possible.

**Twitter**: Share Staff Picks, blog posts, chime in on industry news/events, and key announcements. Keep short links and images in mind when writing (you have fewer than 140 characters!)

**Instagram**: Repost #behindthevid shots our community shares with us and give Vimeo fans a glimpse inside HQ. Do tag people in posts and DO use emojis in creative ways.

**Tumblr**: Share Staff Picks and GIFs. Keep it visual.

**LinkedIn**: Share posts relevant to businesses and video sellers. Link back to our blog and site.
