---
layout: default
title:  "Who is Vimeo?"
date:   2016-09-28 17:13:08 -0400
categories: vimeo background
---
# Who is Vimeo?

## Lore
yoyoyoyoyoy
Vimeo is the home for high-quality videos and the people who love them. Vimeo’s mission is to empower and inspire people around the world to create, share, and discover videos. Vimeo is one of the world’s largest creative networks; it has over 45M registered members and reaches a global audience of more than 200M each month.

Vimeo was founded in 2004 by a group of filmmakers who wanted to share their creative work and personal moments from their lives. As time went on, like-minded people discovered Vimeo and helped build a supportive community of individuals with a wide range of passions. Millions of people around the world come to Vimeo to watch and upload high-quality videos, and we’re growing bigger every day! We hope this fun and friendly environment fuels your own creativity and inspires you to contribute to Vimeo in the ways that mean the most to you.


## Our Audience
Vimeo reaches a diverse, global audience of over 200 million unique monthly viewers and more than 45 million registered members. Of those registered members, some may be creators, or people looking to upload and share their own videos, while others may be visiting Vimeo primarily to watch high-quality work.

Creator vs. Viewer
Vimeo began as a web site where individuals could upload and share videos with a close community of friends and other creators. People would come to the site to watch, upload, and interact with video.

CREATOR
Over time, Vimeo has evolved to provide robust features and toolsets for creators of every stripe. For more advanced or professional video creators, we built Vimeo Plus and Vimeo PRO. Casual video uploaders still enjoy the majority of Vimeo’s powerful features and best-in-class ad-free video player.

VIEWER
Vimeo has also begun to branch out from its free viewing platform to create a place where video creators and distributors can come to sell videos, including full-length films and episodic series. In 2012, Vimeo launched Vimeo On Demand, a totally open distribution platform that allows creators to sell their videos directly to their audience, and keep 90% of the profits after transaction fees and Vimeo’s revenue share.

Together, creators and viewers contribute to the blossoming Vimeo community and ecosystem, one where videos continue to be shared and consumed on a daily basis. When speaking to that community, we try to be cognizant of what type of person we are addressing and what they hope to accomplish with Vimeo.

[random-link]: http://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
